---
title: Lesson 14
layout: post
author: joseph.brown
permalink: /lesson-14/
source-id: 1dMuPzhCXoX5bqLJvLy_X3vSr4FPDJE_ce5b36PqzlmE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Beginning of talk by Mr Keen</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand how code relates to the world.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson the main way that I learned was by listening. Listening helped me as it was different to a normal IT lesson but still taught me the basic principles. Another way that we learned was that we interacted with the speaker who asked questions that made us think and in some cases caused us to have our minds bent.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As mentioned above the only main limitation was the fact that some of the questions and parts of the talk said were very confusing which meant that I found it hard to keep up. However I think that the questions were designed to be confusing and bend our minds. But in other cases a habit that would help would be to try and change the language into words that I can understand.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time using Codecademy, I will try and change the language that is mentioned.This might help as it would not only improve my understanding of code, but it would also help me in real life as it would help me use more complicated words in my daily life.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


