---
title: Lesson 11
layout: post
author: joseph.brown
permalink: /lesson-11/
source-id: 1XrAxIsi_HXuB-QjdRDWGFUWQEd8jOn9zX5tgF_AZZkQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson 11</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>23% of code academy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>28% of Code academy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I'm nearly there and I'll complete it for homework</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson I learned something a bit less to do with the actual coding and that is determination and trying to work outside the box. This lesson, the most effective strategies that I found helped me was trying the code in different positions in the text. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was limited when I came to a hard part of the code and had to try many possible solutions. After about three tries I used the hint but still couldn't figure it out so I had to ask my partner to point me in the right direction. A habit I should work on that would help me is to try to identify patterns that occur and use it in different situations.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try and use the methods that I found useful. This will help me as if I used the successful methods then I can move through the stages and generate more methods that will work. In addition I will try to use the patterns that I have previously used.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


