---
title: Lesson 1
layout: post
author: joseph.brown
permalink: /lesson-1/
source-id: 1zmZ3xUVm4vHLw9eMc_y7LTtTGV6xTQuHxxQ0v7YsW7o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td> Fuze box Lesson 1</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    
    <td>17/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>No Previous Work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete setting up my blog and to learn the basic code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>In this lesson I did reach my lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning strategies for setting up my website where not complicated. I followed the presentation showing me how to set my blog up using Jekyll, but as I am a begginer I also used the help of friends. 
For learning how to use basic code on  a Fuze box, I found that repeating the instructions, from the booklet we were given, and tweaking them each time helped me to understand how the code worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When setting up my blog, I found that it wasn't working. The reason was because on settings for GitHub Pages, my Source wasn't on Master Branch. To prevent this from happening again I am going to constantly check my settings to make sure that everything is working and the code isn't broken. 
When learning the code, I haven't yet encountered any problems and to keep this up my partner and I are constantly going to check the booklet for minor details that might have caused a problem.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will check on the settings tab for anything that may have caused problems with the publishing. This will improve my learning as it will create a habit that will help me to not make any more mistakes in that area of coding.
 Next time I am learning the code, I think it will be more beneficial if my partner and I switch roles when trying to deciphering the code.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


